## Aspen LiDA Updates
//mark
### Github Updates
- Move Aspen LiDA to it's own repository at https://github.com/Aspen-Discovery/aspen-lida. (*MDN*)

## Aspen Discovery Updates
//mark
### Account Updates
- Let patron name display have first and middle initials to help discern between family members. (DIS-118) (*MDN*)

### Administrations Updates
- Add a "select all" and "deselect all" button to all lists of objects where the select checkbox shows. (DIS-37) (*MDN*)
- When showing selected values for multiselect lists within a table, only show the first 3 values. (*MDN*)

### Indexing Updates
- When indexing the 100, 700 and 800 fields to load information about authors and contributors include subfield c to distinguish between authors where titles and additional information is important. (DIS-161) (*MDN*)
- When checking for Yoto players, check to be sure yoto is found with word boundaries on either side to avoid matching Kyoto. (DIS-154) (*MDN*)
- When checking for Yoto players, prefer the Yoto format over Kit format if both are found. (DIS-154) (*MDN*)
- When checking for Tonies, check to be sure tonie is found with word boundaries on either side. (*MDN*)
- Add WhaZoodle format based on 028 subfield when subfield b contains playaway and subfield a starts with WZ. (DIS-156) (*MDN*)

### Local ILL Updates
- Properly handle volume level holds with Local ILL. (DIS-34) (*MDN*)

### Polaris Updates
- Automatically import sublocations from Polaris. (DIS-46) (*MDN*)
- Fix an error where logging in with the staff user used for API access resulted in some account information not showing. (*MDN*)

### Reading History Updates
- Fix so "Enable Add To Reading History" can be disabled properly within Library Settings. (DIS-132) (*MDN*)

### Record Display
- Do not show subfield 1 for subjects since this information is not relevant to patrons. (DIS-155) (*MDN*)
- When displaying authors for a record, include subfield c to show titles and other relevant information. (DIS-161) (*MDN*)

### Search Updates
- Ensure that Added in the Last and Date Updated Facets sort properly if two time periods have the same value. (*MDN*)

### Sierra Updates
- Update the site creation process to prompt for connection information and set up a default Account Profile and Indexing Profile for Sierra libraries. (*MDN*)
- Allow libraries and locations to be automatically imported from Sierra using the Sierra APIs. (DIS-122) (*MDN*)

### Symphony Updates
- Do not allow books by mail holds to be canceled, frozen, or have pickup location changed when their status is "Being Held". (DIS-34) (*MDN*)
- Fix loading account summary to properly distinguish available and unavailable holds accounting for Local ILL. (DIS-34) (*MDN*)

### Syndetics Updates
- Allow multiple Syndetics settings to be created within a single Aspen instance so links within Syndetics Unbound can direct to the proper catalog. (DIS-121) (*MDN*)
- Add a name for each Syndetics Setting, so they can be identified within Aspen. (DIS-121) (*MDN*)
- Hide or show appropriate fields for Syndetics based on if Syndetics Unbound is selected or deselected. (DIS-121) (*MDN*)
- Syndetics cover images now display correctly even if record's UPC contains leading zeroes.(*PA*)

### User List Updates
- When searching lists, allow the results to be sorted by Date Added. (DIS-136) (*MDN*)
- When searching lists, add an Added In The Last Facet to the results. (DIS-136) (*MDN*)
- When searching lists, allow the results to be sorted by Date Updated. (DIS-136) (*MDN*)
- When searching lists, add an Updated In The Last Facet to the results. (DIS-136) (*MDN*)
- Force a full reindex of user lists every 24 hours to ensure Date Added and Date Updated facets are accurate over time. (*MDN*)
- Remove the non-implemented Covers View for List Search Results. (*MDN*)
- Remove the non-implemented RSS export for List Search Results. (*MDN*)
- Remove the non-implemented RIS export for List Search Results. (*MDN*)
- Ensure Date Updated for user lists updates as titles are added and removed from the list. (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Fix linking to library websites for consortia within Web Builder and the Hours and Location dialog. (*MDN*)
- Add an editorconfig file for template files to standardize using tabs across all files. (*MDN*)
- Library card page (under 'My Account') no longer shows Koha user's opac notes if user's library 'Show OPAC Notes' is disabled.(*PA*)

//katherine

//kirstien
### Account Updates
- Let patron set preferred pickup sublocation if available. (DIS-48) (*KK*)

### Holds Updates
- Allow patron to select sublocation, if available, when placing a hold. (DIS-48) (*KK*)
- Allow patron to select sublocation, if available, when updating a hold's pickup location. (DIS-48) (*KK*)
- On the Holds page if a pickup sublocation set for a hold, display the sublocation. (DIS-48) (*KK*)

### Location Updates
- Added a new settings group for sublocations. (DIS-48) (*KK*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- Primary Configuration - Location Sublocations > Administer Sublocations for All Libraries
- Primary Configuration - Location Sublocations > Administer Sublocations for Home Library

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Library > Locations (Branches) > Sublocations

</div>

//james

//alexander
### Web Builder Updates
- When adding a form to a custom page, limit the forms displayed in the dropdown to those from the user's own library if their permissions are Administer Library Custom Forms. (*AB*)

//chloe
### LibKey integration Updates

For records found in an Articles and Database search through the EBSCO host or EBSCO EDS integration:
- patrons of libraries with a LibKey subscription can access full-text document using an 'Access Online' button to the right of 'More Info' on search results. (*CZ*)
- if the LibKey API does not return a direct link, then 'Access Online' does not show. (*CZ*)
- for EBSCO EDS and host records, if the LibKey API sends back a cover image url, show this cover image on the search result. (*CZ*)
- if the results from the LibKey API indicate an article has been retracted, they are marked as such. (*CZ*)
- for retracted articles, a link to a LibKey page giving information on the retraction is displayed. (*CZ*)
- for retracted articles, the 'Access Online' button is not displayed. (*CZ*)

//pedro

// lucas
## Docker Updates
- Check if ils tables have been initialized to avoid database conflicts. (*LM*)
- Add a condition to either create or not create symlinks. (*LM*)
- Include control of processes into the entrypoint script to avoid waiting for a cron job. (*LM*)

// tomas

// kyle

//kidclamp
### Indexing updates
- Add note and debugging information to Large Print check (DIS-110) (*WNC*)

//yanjun
### Boundless/Axis360 Updates
- Update Boundless/Axis360 get records availability API URL and adjusted response processing (DIS-162) (*YL*)

## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
  - Kyle Hall (KMH)
  - Nick Clemens (WNC)
  - Yanjun Li (YL)

### Grove For Libraries
  - Mark Noble (MDN)
  - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
  - Katherine Perdue (KP)

### Nashville Public Library
  - James Staub (JStaub)

### PTFS-Europe
  - Alexander Blanchard (AB)
  - Chloe Zermatten (CZ)
  - Pedro Amorim (PA)

### Theke Solutions
  - Lucas Montoya (LM)
  - Tomás Cohen Arazi (TC)

## Special Testing thanks to
- Desiree Saunders (WYLD)
- Carol Witt (CW Mars)
- Alyssa Drake (ByWater Solutions)

## This release includes sponsored developments from
- Milwaukee County Federated Library System
- Wyoming State Library
